Note: POAPs will be sent to attendees automatically through a Direct Message at
the end of the meeting. Turn on Direct Messages for the server by right clicking
the server, selecting privacy, and turning on Direct Messages. You can disable
this once you receive your POAP link!

# Welcome & Introduction

# ERC-721 Snapshot & ERC-20 token plans

This was intended to reward people contributing to the community
Also, for inviting people from outside the DAO

@nader proposed maintaining public areas for visitors of the DAO.
And it needs to be discussed and then go through proposal process and voted on. 

# Gitcoin proposal

It was discussed in early October. GitCoin is important player on the web3 space.
We will keep discussing in the Governance Guild, in the general discussion channel open for everyone to ask or discuss GitCoin partnership.

# Treasury deployment



# Preethi as an advisor

We need her expetise in tokenomics and governance token.
One of the top 5 people sharing web3 materials in the community.

We're also working on finalizing a legal adviser with Cooper to go legally.

# Guild Updates

We start with Marc: Writers Guild:
They FAQ channel for answering questions and Opportunity channel; currently has 2: 

Newletter Team
Get an easy and quick catch up on the DAO updates
A big win for the Writers Guild
Pauli has done great job
Lots of work cause 2 newsletters (internally focused and externally)

Guild Updates
Which platform to publish on

Now Will: Governance Guild

30 minutes weekly meetings
Governing the Guild
Decentralize issues
Provide clarity on the proposal process
1. What needs to be a proposal and what not
2. Documenting the process and providing resources to learn about Decntralized Governance

Now Erik: Design Guild:

Discussing the possibilites to make games
Ship a black hoodie with the logo
MetaFactory link for the merch!

Now With-heart: Dev

RFC link for everone to check and understand the proposed principle
https://forum.developerdao.com/t/rfc-implement-champion-led-rfc-driven-decision-making-process/478

New project: Web3 UI library
https://forum.developerdao.com/c/dev-guild/dev-rfcs/9

npx create DAO repo
https://github.com/Developer-DAO/create-dao

Wiki page
https://developerdao.notion.site/Development-cb4396f623fa453981c1c4a446256250

Get involved
Create RFC - Comment - Contribute to the Wiki - Work with others - Start a project



Quetions and Comments:

Nader explained the governance erc-20 token will be distributed as follows (but to be discussed)

50% Treasury

50% Community split to:
15% Founders
5% Gitcoin
5% to early contributors
5% to onboard new members and advisers
Couldn't get the rest how it will be distributed
